Please click on the button called all L-L to go to the outputs for the financial section.
So we're done completing all the financials.
And please click this little option here to mark all of Step 12 as complete and as always you'll see
that this updates here to 100 percent and this updates here.
We have one flag added Just as an example.
And by the way you can always go back here and then find out where your flag was.
So I have it right here and we can always scroll wherever to the right and flag that if if we wanted
to I'll just leave it like that for now it's fine.
So let me now click on all to go back all right.
All right.
So we have made incredible progress we're now 86 percent done which is great.
The appendix is going to be really easy and the final output is the amazing part I love it.
It's fun.
OK.
So this here is just informational for now and this is the stuff that we're going to put into our business
plan.
This will make a lot more sense once we get it done here.
And so if we scroll down we'll just see all the information that we've already talked about.
And here's just a little warning to please open up all of the ones and twos on all of these tabs here
so we can see all the information here properly.
And so here we see the first page in our business plan which which will look like this for financials.
And let me actually go here and show you what it's going to look like once we assemble the final thing.
So I'm going to scroll down to where is it financials down here.
Well here you could get.
So if I click here it's going to look like this.
And I set it up so that when we copy and paste it you won't see any outlines.
So sometimes you'll see a on here and I'll come back to the top in a second.
But sometimes you'll see little white borders that are that are kind of changed around the final output
in the business plan part you'll see that the white bleeds over here a bit more.
And this make a lot more sense later.
So if you were to click here on the business plan output you'll notice that there's a little bit more
white boxes in the side.
So the copy paste special works best.
But don't worry about that ex-spy.
I'll explain that a lot more detail when we do the business plan.
Final output leisure.
So if we scroll down we'll see here that we have all the data that was brought over.
And if you click on the home button that data is already pie plate here is well if we were to scroll
down.
I mean just get a little bit more real estate here.
Good.
So all of your data if you don't answer them will automatically be updated here.
And lo and behold we have our information updated here directly.
And if I most over here can see it now.
It's I guess I have to really scrolling closely to see that number.
That's fine.
Does matter let's go back here to all.
OK.
And if you wanted to you can click here on one Ill take couple of seconds update but I'm going into
anyway.
And we'll just condense everything on this slide takes a second there you go.
So here's what's on the slide.
It's got all that information from.
We're going to put in our final business plan here.
You got the revenue net income highlights page financial ratios.
Then we've got revenue numbers from the RSV.
Then we've got operating expense stuff that we've got the income statement and the balance sheet and
the cash flow statement.
So let me just expand all of this.
I'll take a second.
As you can see I've got the update here.
Hundred percent done in that little home.
But if you want to go back and you can't find out where you are give it a second update.
Come on.
So
all we have to click to hear sorry about.
All right.
It's come through.
Okay good.
And that chart will show up in a second it's calculating.
Here we go.
So this will be the first page our business plan and I'll explain exactly how to copy and paste all
this stuff over again.
Once we click on this button here later on and do the lecture or associate with it.
So we got revenue net income and we don't really show much information on balance sheet or cash flow
statement ratios because usually with early stage starts you don't care as much.
But I have included all the information anyway for you right here.
So if you're curious how all these virtual ratios are and this is the second page and here we've got
financial ratios we've got gross margins operating margins net profit margins which we talked about
and return assets to bring home equity equities.
I mean did I create this little cheat sheet here for you.
It's just a little image and I explain what all the ratios here mean and the best way to think about
it is how profitable is your company for every one dollar and stuff that you sell.
And we talked about gross margin for every dollar of products that we make and sell.
This is going to be our margins before all the major expenses here then operating margins which people
call on margins as well.
So I think is going to be operating profit over revenue and member this doesn't end for you but that
margins we get rid of depreciation non-cash expenses then net profit margins is the very bottom line
of your income statement that it can divide a very top line because the rabbit higher is better obviously
for all this stuff.
So you get the bottom line on an income statement.
When people say what your bottom line.
Well the bottom line of the same is that income what your top line.
That's revenue the top.
Then you've got return assets for every one dollar in assets we generate this much in income.
So 99 percent that's pretty damn good.
Percent basis and for every $1 in equity we generate that much.
So.
Again I put in dummy data for all that stuff and not for the tenth year which is right here OK.
So this will be the second page of our business plan output which will look like this is page 1.
This is page 2.
And I tagged it as well and you'll see why.
But if you were to take this copy and paste in here please expand this.
It will take us directly to where that is al-Shehri for fun actually is going to here to take a second
to go there but this is going to jump see here.
So this jumps into the business plan output and that's how we know it highlights here and you see how
there's there's there's I got rid of the border here and over here as well.
Don't worry about that just because when you copy and paste special into from Excel into Word this this
kind of mess things up a bit.
So don't worry about a minute just the easy way for you to understand that I'll show you that more detail
once we're there.
OK.
Back to the all page which is why it's green.
Look at all that.
Hundred percent.
That's what I'm talking aboot tactic.
All right.
So we've got the second page done here.
That chart will show in a second there we go.
Gross margins operating margins.
And again that's you little cheat sheet.
And if we scroll down here here we got Page 3 on page 3 we've got these here net profit margins return
assets and I threw out return equity there.
And again if we go back here that is going to appear on the third page you're right there and we'll
address if you zoom in closely and it doesn't look that great we'll address that later.
Don't We're all pretty that up for you.
All right.
Now on the next page and I'll explain exactly how to do this in great detail over here.
But I want to show you here it's informational page 4 is going to be D and this this information is
all directly based on what we created nothing is hardcoded it's all linked nicely.
It's awesome.
So on the fourth page we're going to have over here this is going to be our monthly revenue.
Okay.
And we'll we'll justify this and open these up a little bit more when we're on the final business plan
and page.
You can see all the data I can.
And so this is one picture.
It's monthly revenue for 2018 and it pulls all the information over.
Okay.
So just the first year.
Monthly revenue for 2018.
Remember we had this is just the revenue numbers here so we've got the VR goggles here in that hypothetical
example.
And then we've got here the maintenance costs are seven second revenue line.
And all the stuff.
If you DoubleClick is stuck on showing here it's actually linked directly back to the inputs for financials
page which we talked about in detail in the previous couple lectures.
Okay great.
And you can look at the percent changes and whatnot it's pretty cool.
I love looking at things on a percent year over year month over month quarter on quarter basis.
Speaking of quarterly the next page here Musco here is Page 5 of the financials business plan.
So here you have a monthly revenue.
And you'll be able to change this as well and make it you know sideways if you want to.
We'll cover all that later.
Okay if you can't read it.
I think that's fine like that.
So we're going to have the quarterly revenue forecast and this is tagged as well.
Okay.
And the Annual is well what's way.
Okay great.
And I'll explain all this stuff later.
You could put on one page or two it doesn't really matter.
But this is just pulled directly.
This is on a quarterly basis.
So when we did everything monthly before but this here just takes it makes a quarterly.
Okay and here we have one line and the second line and and both these are add up to that amount up there.
So you don't hear something there and live you will only have one Raban line item so you might even
want to later on I going to show you in the final present in the final business plan here how to hide
this or we actually need to hide it we're going to copy and paste just the first part.
The first revenue line item and not the rest of it.
This makes more sense to you though when we get there get here you got annual for all years.
Remember we didn't do the last five years.
In our example we did for one is that 2009 we go back and fix that.
And I want to teach actually how to go back quickly so you can hit option or command in the open and
close square brackets and that will bring you exactly over here to where all this stuff is is linked
from to where it links to.
So I'm going to stay with you in real time.
And if you want you can fast forward to this part here to skip over how I'm going to try to resolve
this issue.
OK.
I want to show you how we're going to work through this so that you know how to jump quickly so fast
forward if you want to skip what I'm about to do.
This is here actually on this page so I'm going to go open square brackets jump there ha.
So it's pulling the air from here.
But this is like somewhere else we're going to go command option control whatever works for you and
a win is a little different.
And I'm going to go the open square brackets jump there directly
I don't know where I'm going to go back and forth.
So Year Nine and this year links back somewhere else.
So I'm going to go command open square brackets to jump to this
and right here.
Looks like I hardcoded to here instead of linking directly.
OK.
So anyway to drag this over there.
Nash go to those 26.
It's going to be real good.
Great.
So that was hard coded there.
No it's not.
It's actually linked back.
I'm going to go in and open square brackets slink back to where it was great.
OK.
So link to here now.
All right let's get back on track.
Go back to all.
So use that commands an open and square bracket close to her back.
Ill jump back to where you were before.
And I love to have everything in just one centralized location so it's easy from version history perspective.
OK great.
So we've got monthly revenue quarterly revenue annual revenue monthly expenses and these ones here.
I can tell you how to hide that later what we'll do is we'll copy everything up until that cell.
And if you namely something else will appear here.
And this is just as Junee and I got R&D in the bottom depreciation and then here you've got this is
just an annual operating expense report.
If we go back here and you revenant annual operating income annual operating income expense forecast
and then we've cut here quarter income statement annual income statement Coralee balance sheet and your
balance sheet cash flow of Corley cash for emule.
And then we are done with that section.
Let me just scroll the I'm sure the rest.
Okay.
Is our quarterlies and these are just the rest those page I just showed you page 8 and Page 9 page 10
and that is it's and 0 6 I had page 11 as well.
Okay good.
Okay there's more.
There's so much in this it's amazing.
All right 13 pages there you go 13 pages.
Lucky 13.
Great.
All right so we click that we're done with this.
And so we're almost done man almost done and we could go back with top you guys.
All right.
And we are almost done.
Okay great.
So I will see you in the next lecture when we will talk about the appendix inputs.
Thanks.